[Music]
many people believe that a white teeth
smile is something a person is born with
either you have it or you don't
luckily that's not the case particular
tooth brushing techniques can help you
make your smile brighter and whiter
before you learn how to care for your
teeth to reach an impressive result hit
the subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life the first step on
your journey to white teeth is to choose
the right products your toothbrush
toothpaste and even your mouthwash play
a significant role in how bright your
smile will be 8 choose the right
toothbrush modern toothbrushes don't
just help you keep your teeth clean
nowadays you can opt for a special
toothbrush to remove plaque from your
teeth massage your gums and even whiten
your teeth if your goal is to make your
smile shine brightly choose a toothbrush
with rubber inserts such devices were
created with the very purpose of making
your teeth whiter because the rubber
inserts polish your teeth really well
soft-bristled toothbrushes are also
great for polishing teeth they clean
your teeth more effectively because the
bristles buff away surface stains
seven pick the right toothpaste you can
find a whitening toothpaste in most
stores these days despite what many
people think such toothpastes normally
don't contain any bleach to change the
color of your teeth
a whitening toothpaste makes your smile
whiter with the help of abrasive
chemicals or particles some of these
components help polish your teeth others
work by binding to stains and pulling
them off the surface stains of your
teeth according to numerous studies the
abrasive particles in whitening
toothpaste don't harm teeth they are no
more damaging to the enamel than any
other toothpaste 6 pay attention to your
mouthwash some types of mouthwash have
components that can remove surface
stains one of these components is
hydrogen peroxide a popular bleaching
agent if you use such a mouthwash for a
prolonged time it can help remove stains
from your teeth and therefore make them
whiter however you need to be extra
careful while choosing this product not
all kinds of mouthwash are harmless
for example products containing high
amounts of alcohol can dry out your
mouth and the dry mouth is surprisingly
one of the most common reasons for bad
breath also such mouth washes are
dangerous for children and often
irritate the tissues in your mouth
lastly mouth washes that contain chloro
hexa diene aren't good for long-term use
as this substance can change the way you
taste things
five brush your teeth correctly after
you've prepared everything you need to
give your teeth a good brush you can get
down to the practical part your
toothbrush should be positioned at a 45
degree angle to your gums brush your
teeth by using gentle back-and-forth
strokes try to concentrate on the spots
covered with stains brush not only the
outer surface of your teeth but also the
inside to clean the inside of your front
teeth position your toothbrush
vertically and brush the surface with
several up and down strokes after
brushing your teeth remember to clean
your tongue as well this way you'll get
rid of bacteria buildup and consequently
eliminate the main cause of bad breath
for remember to replace your toothbrush
[Music]
according to the American Dental
Association you should throw away your
toothbrush every two to four months only
in this way will you be able to keep
your teeth healthy a frayed and worn
down toothbrush won't do your teeth any
good it will be unable to polish your
teeth correctly or remove surface stains
on top of that by using it you'll
constantly be transferring bacteria back
to your mouth if you dream about a white
smile get rid of your toothbrush as soon
as you notice that its bristles have
become frayed and it doesn't matter if
it isn't two months old yet three follow
a white teeth diet firm and crisp foods
can make your teeth whiter and cleaner
here are several products that will help
you reach your goal strawberries these
berries are rich in malic acids these
acids assist in converting carbohydrates
into the energy your muscles use in
addition they can effectively dissolve
superficial teeth Stan's cauliflower
vegetables such as broccoli and
cauliflower can make your teeth whiter
if you crunch these products raw it's
not easy to chew these veggies that's
why when you do this your mouth produces
a lot of saliva saliva along with hard
vegetable pieces breaks down stay
nuts and seeds nuts and seeds act as
amazing exfoliants when you munch on
almonds walnuts or sunflower seeds
they're abrasive texture strips surface
stains from the enamel of your teeth
thus you protect your teeth from
discoloration and whiten their surface
pineapple row melon which is found in
pineapples is an enzyme that reduces
inflammation it's also great for the
health of your teeth as it disrupts the
proteins covering the enamel by doing
this bromelain removes stains and
discoloration after the products get
disrupted stains can be easily washed
away with your saliva yogurt and cheeses
dairy products make your mouth produce
more saliva which breaks down enamel
stains Plus cheese has a whitening
effect thanks to the lactic acid it
contains this acid just like malic acid
clears away surface stains from your
teeth
celery having an incredibly high water
content celery washes away pieces of
food stuck between your teeth and make
sure gums stronger
besides celery has a rigid structure
which works as a scrub as a result when
you chew raw celery it physically
removes stains from tooth enamel onions
Sherly onions aren't too great for your
breath but at the same time this
vegetable contains particular sulfur
compounds that don't let plaque appear
on your teeth for reaping all the
benefits of this method you need to
crunch raw onions to know your enemies
there are products that can leave stains
on your teeth or make the color of the
teeth darker among such foods are
blueberries beets popsicles tomato juice
soy sauce and vos almac vinegar some
drinks also prevent you from getting a
white smile your teeth have tiny pores
that absorb all the liquids you drink
therefore all dark liquids have the
potential to stain your teeth that's why
if you're used to brushing your teeth in
the morning and drinking a cup of coffee
right after that you'd better forget
about this habit but if you can't
function without some coffee in the
morning at least dilute this drink with
some milk to prevent serious staining
another drink that may make your teeth
darker is black tea some people replace
coffee with tea to avoid staining they
probably don't know that tea is rich in
tannins which can stain your teeth as
easily as coffee if you absolutely must
drink tea opt for white or green teas
even though they may still leave marks
on your teeth these stains won't be as
dark as after black tea other drinks you
should avoid to keep your teeth white
are sodas red wine and dark juices if
you can't live without sodas try to buy
those with light colors but even while
they won't stain your teeth the acid and
artificial sugar they contained will
still damage your enamel and last but
not least if you smoke consider getting
rid of this habit no smoker can have a
white smile even if you aren't a chain
smoker cigarettes can still cause tooth
discoloration when the color of your
teeth becomes grey or yellow
besides smoking leads to serious tooth
damage such as tooth decay periodontal
disease and even tooth loss
1 maintain your teeth daily finally if
you want to see a beautiful white smile
every time you look in the mirror you
need to care for your teeth regularly
according to dr. Kathleen W Wilson you
should brush your teeth twice a day
right after you get out of bed and
before you go to sleep at night in the
morning you clean off the bacteria and
plaque that has accumulated during the
night because the saliva that protects
your mouth dries up when you sleep this
is also why you need to remove all
pieces of food and clean your mouth
before going to bed
also remember to floss your teeth every
time you feel the need do you know any
other tips for beautiful white teeth
tell us about your secrets in the
comment section below
remember to hit the like button share
this video with your friends and
subscribe to the channel to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]